feat: supports new notifier_id attribute in alert configuration notifications (#1514)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/alert_configuration.html.markdown

* `updated` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when this alert configuration was last updated.
* `enabled` - If set to true, the alert configuration is enabled. If enabled is not exported it is set to false.
* `event_type` - The type of event that will trigger an alert.
* `matcher` - Rules to apply when matching an object against this alert configuration. See [matchers](#matchers).
* `metric_threshold_config` - The threshold that causes an alert to be triggered. Required if `event_type_name` : `OUTSIDE_METRIC_THRESHOLD` or `OUTSIDE_SERVERLESS_METRIC_THRESHOLD`. See [metric threshold config](#metric-threshold-config).
* `threshold_config` - 	 Threshold that triggers an alert. Required if `event_type_name` is any value other than `OUTSIDE_METRIC_THRESHOLD` or `OUTSIDE_SERVERLESS_METRIC_THRESHOLD`. See [threshold config](#threshold-config).

> * `notifications` - List of notifications to send when an alert condition is detected. See [notifications](#notifications).

Author: Unifying docs of alert_configuration and alert_configurations docs: copied from plural data source

    - `WEBHOOK`
    - `MICROSOFT_TEAMS`

> * `notifier_id` - The notifier id is a system-generated unique identifier assigned to each notification method. This is needed when updating third-party notifications without requiring explicit authentication credentials.

Reviewer: Do you need to update https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/alert_configurations as well?

Author: thanks, adjusted. Plural data source had missing docs for matchers, threshold config, metric threshold config, and notification attributes.

    - `WEBHOOK`
    - `MICROSOFT_TEAMS`

> * `notifier_id` - The notifier id is a system-generated unique identifier assigned to each notification method. This is needed when updating third-party notifications without requiring explicit authentication credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `notifier_id` - The notifier id is a system-generated unique identifier assigned to each notification method. This is needed to update third-party notifications without explicit authentication credentials.
```

Author: given that this was copied directly from our API docs (https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Alert-Configurations/operation/createAlertConfiguration within notifications), would it be better to leave as is for consistency?
